I will go
that we can give to a hedgehog that runs
He wears red sneakers and he does not wear
combs that if not hot dogs of
this week the puppies to the sonic
for today's recipe we will use 450
grams of minced meat 100 grams of
chopped white onion 100 grams of
pepper also chopped 100 grams of
mushrooms also these trozitos
tots tots tots one
spoonful of English sauce 210
milliliters of barbecue sauce one
teaspoon chili powder a bit of
ground cumin and a little oregano
we will add also for the dish
main will be 6 hot spots all 6
buns and then some cheese
gratin to finish off to begin
let's start let's start
prepare the sauce that we will start
suffering the flesh
my advice is that the mushrooms
leave for the beginning or for the end
more than anything because the mushroom loose
lots of water
once the meat is done
we put it in the pot
and we will suffer the rest of things
once subscribed everything we mix everything
in a bigger pot so that we
it's better unless you have the ante
bigger
throwing the big sausages
to cool down a bit because here
there are the columns
while you are doing
we want it
Clear
I'm still thinking about passing the word
I do not understand
but now
one
and then we take the English sauce
can be strong estero western soul
as
you squirt
it seems that we are many truly
take a little
and we mix everything well at this
we add
a little cumin
and a little oregano
and finally we take a spoonful
tiny of
chili powder
we remove everything well and let
go taking it quietly because
I also have to be a tad of
water therefore while the water is
evapora we finished cooking the
sausages
once prepared
we put the bun
we miss him
the sauce
trying not to destroy the
structure
and finally he pours some cheese
to gratinate the
and now to gratinar
the best hot dogs of all
mobile puppy salted a puppy
hot with a bit of cinema if you want
you can take a couple of a couple of
beans but good I do not do it because
I do not like it and nothing and this is what
this week
take advantage